Not good circus is dangerous
You are always on call
Yue, sit down
Let's go pick up mom
Dad owes 30 million in investment
Now in this family, as long as you have the ability to pay
You can't leave me alone.
You are my biological woman
Hurry up and return your dad's money
So my mom is fine at all
You deliberately deceived me into coming back.
Yeah, it's too late to know now, hurry up and pay it back
I was still in the old house
You told your family you didn't want me
Sponsor your woman
How dare you marry Lao Bai?
If it weren't for you
We will have no money.
Isn't it too much? Mom and Dad raised you for so long
Now that your parents meet, please ignore it.
Is there such a daughter as you?
You paid me back 3,000 bucks to dad
Otherwise you can't go
I don't have that kind of money.
With shares in the family
What do you say you have no money to pretend?
Sign for me.